Miss Tao, your mother's is really good.
I have money, Ah Fu Er, I have 1,800,
In order not to affect your mother, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now.
Now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now now
Don't worry, watch it all
But what if he was lazy?
Probably not
I heard Si Han got married
This should be his little stingy one
So aware of it
I gave it to him to keep for safekeeping
Si Han must not have thought of it
My sister-in-law has kept it here for him, Mr. Bai.
So what should I do next?
Showed it to him
Just one million ladies first
Appointed by our boss
This master can give you one million to one million
With a true million
Not only does mom have to pay for her medicine now,
I'll look for Luo in the future too
But this is a wedding gift after sending your words
The purchaser also knows that this table is of such high value.
Are you dissatisfied with the price?
We can continue chatting. My dear, I didn’t watch.
This time she and I went to Nuo's house
We are already married. Li Yingxiong is right.
Take it to her house for me to try
This is the time to be quiet and lucky
Excuse me
That's how it came
Who called whom?
You listen to me tonight
I thought she was just for free
Of course, I deliberately give you a try
The actual price of this finger is incomparable. Then what?
I didn’t expect that they wouldn’t sell it.
I didn’t expect that she would give it to you without guessing it.
It’s hard to guess
Don't talk enough about this
Fortunately, that status
I don't want him to be left to his own devices.
The front is putting pressure on Kang Miyuan's hometown and the Shi family.
Anyway, sit back and let them
That's not your old name, what are you doing?
Just do as you're told, boss.
Oh, it doesn’t matter
Do you think you have anything to do with this boss?
I can really make it to the end
You're not talking to each other at all
Leaving the body very early
What will the board of directors do then?
You can accommodate him in your home
He cares about you so much now
From then on, the most important thing I have to say is
I'll take him with me
She was very busy at first